doc: add sphinx boilerplate (#298)
in-toto/in-toto: doc/source/installing.rst

Installation
============

You can install in-toto using either pip, or your favorite package manager.

.. note:: We strongly suggest you use a `virtual environment 
    <https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/stable/>`_ if you are installing in_toto 

>     with pip from source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    with pip or from source.
```

On Debian
---------

You can install in-toto on Debian using apt/apt-get:
 .. code-block:: sh

    apt install in-toto

> This should provide all dependencies you need to run in-toto

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should provide all dependencies you need to run in-toto.
```

On Arch Linux
-------------

On Arch Linux, you can install in-toto by using pacman:
 .. code-block:: sh

    pacman -S in-toto

Using PIP
---------

To install using pip, simply run:
 .. code-block:: sh

    pip install in-toto

You may also need to install some system dependencies (depending on your host).
These are:

> - `OpenSSL <https://openssl.org>`_ used to generate and verify RSA signatures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `OpenSSL <https://openssl.org>`_ used to generate and verify RSA signatures, and to export and verify signatures created with gpg.
```

- `GPG <https://gnupg.org>`_ if you plan on generating gpg signatures (verifying

>   works without gpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  works without gpg).
```

Installation
============

You can install in-toto using either pip, or your favorite package manager.

Using PIP
---------

To install using pip, simply run:
 .. code-block:: sh

    pip install in-toto

You may also need to install some system dependencies (depending on your host).
These are:

> - `OpenSSL <https://openssl.org>`_ if you plan on using RSA signatures.

Reviewer: This sounds a bit as if it were optional. But OpenSSL is really a requirement. What about:
```suggestion
- `OpenSSL <https://openssl.org>`_ used to generate and verify RSA signatures.
```

Author: Hmm, i was under the impression sslib was able not to harddepend on openssl but alas.

Reviewer: You are right, @SantiagoTorres! `securesystemslib` can be installed without openssl, although its ability to cleanly provide a pure-python interface is under revision (see [sslib#179](https://github.com/secure-systems-lab/securesystemslib/issues/179)). However, and IIRC due to sslib's questionable agility in that regard, in-toto currently does [hard-depend on sslib with openssl](https://github.com/in-toto/in-toto/blob/3d6740bc1320b85bf3c2b71a4d46ef5d6bc7643a/setup.py#L94).

Btw. the gpg subpackage also makes heavy use of pyca/cryptography and thus requires openssl, e.g. to export and verify rsa and dsa (and ed25519, see [sslib#188](https://github.com/secure-systems-lab/securesystemslib/pull/188)) signatures.

IMO we can make cryptography/openssl optional for in-toto as soon as [sslib#179](https://github.com/secure-systems-lab/securesystemslib/issues/179) is fixed. 

Also see related https://github.com/in-toto/in-toto/issues/253.

Author: Aha! thanks for clarifying.

- `GPG <https://gnupg.org>`_ if you plan on generating gpg signatures (verifying
  works without gpg)

On Debian
---------

You can install in-toto on Debian using apt/apt-get:
 .. code-block:: sh

    apt install in-toto

This should provide all dependencies you need to run in-toto

On Arch Linux
-------------

On Arch Linux, you can install in-toto by using pacman:
 .. code-block:: sh

    pacman -S in-toto

Installing from Source
----------------------

If your system doesn't provide in-toto yet, you can also install it from the
source. To do so, you will need the following dependencies:

- `OpenSSL <https://openssl.org>`_
- `python-cryptography <https://cryptography.readthedocs.io>`_
- `python-securesystemslib <https://github.com/secure-systems-lab/securesystemslib/>`_
- `setuptools <https://pypi.org/project/setuptools/>`_

> .. warning:: We strongly suggest you use a `virtual environment 

Reviewer: I think `.. warning::`-red is a bit too harsh. What about `.. note::`-grey?

Reviewer: Also, I think we should move the box to the very top or bottom and say that we suggest the use of virtual environments for installations via pip or from source.

Reviewer: ping
